feat(dc-platform): Add self signed graviteeio certificate to cacerts (#40)
gravitee-io/gravitee-docker: platform/gravitee/README.adoc

# Gravitee IO Test Certificate

The following commands are needed to include the self-signed gravitee.io certificate to the java truststore (cacerts).

> Note that this certificate is self-signed *should not be used in production* and has been generated for testing only.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that this self-signed certificate *should not be used in production* and has been generated for testing only.
```

> First, get a a copy of the jre `cacerts` and place it on the `gravitee` folder.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
First, get a copy of the jre `cacerts` and place it on the `gravitee` folder.
```

Note : you can get a copy of the `cacerts` file from a running jr8 image at this location: `/etc/ssl/certs/java/cacerts`.

> Next, import the certificate in the truststore typing this command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Next, import the certificate into the truststore by running this command:
```
